=pod

=head1 NAME

PerlX::bash - tighter integration between Perl and bash

=head1 VERSION

This document describes version 0.01 of PerlX::bash.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

	# put all instances of Firefox to sleep
	foreach (bash \lines => "pgrep firefox")
	{
		bash "kill -STOP $_" or die("can't spawn `kill`!");
	}

	# count lines in $file
	local $@;
	eval { bash \string => -e => "wc -l $file" };
	die("can't spawn `wc`!") if $@;

	# can capture actual exit status
	my $status = bash "grep -e $pattern $file >$tmpfile";
	die("`grep` had an error!") if $status == 2;

=head1 STATUS

This module is an experiment.  It's fun to play around with, and I welcome suggestions and
contributions.  However, don't rely on this in production code (yet).

Further documentation will be forthcoming, hopefully soon.

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Perldoc

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

  perldoc PerlX::bash

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

This module is on GitHub.  Feel free to fork and submit patches.  Please note that I develop
via TDD (Test-Driven Development), so a patch that includes a failing test is much more
likely to get accepted (or at least likely to get accepted more quickly).

If you just want to report a problem or suggest a feature, that's okay too.  You can create
an issue on GitHub here: L<http://github.com/barefootcoder/perlx-bash/issues>.

=head2 Source Code

none
L<https://github.com/barefootcoder/perlx-bash>

  git clone https://github.com/barefootcoder/perlx-bash.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Buddy Burden <barefootcoder@gmail.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2015-2017 by Buddy Burden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Artistic License 2.0 (GPL Compatible)

=cut
